docs: 增加主题维护规范 (#16)
FEMessage/element: README.md

```
For more information, please refer to [Quick Start](http://femessgae.github.io/#/zh-CN/component/quickstart) in our documentation.

## Generate Theme
```sh
# fork this repository

git clone https://github/{ user || owner }/element.git

# remember: if want to update your theme, must merge latest only-component branch into your repository

> git checkout -b only-component new-theme

Reviewer: 生成 theme 是从 dev 切分支吧？

# modify packages/theme-chalk/src/common/var.scss

# modify package name in packages/theme-chalk/package.json

sh ./publish-theme.sh

# now a new theme publish to npm for your own
```

> Why checkout from branch `only-component`, see [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/femessage/element/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.zh-CN.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason to checkout from branch `only-component`, can be found in [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/femessage/element/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.zh-CN.md)
```
